It's time for a new puzzle of the month.
Imagine you have a lot of pieces of
string and you drop them into a box. You
reach in and blindly grab two random
ends and then you tie those ends
together and then you do it again. You
choose two more ends of the strings at
random, tie them together, and put the
result back in. Choose another two, tie
those together, and so on and so forth.
>> [music]
>> Every now and then you grab two ends of
the same string, meaning when you tie
them together you form a loop. In fact,
[music] the end condition here, when
there are no more endpoints left, is one
where all you have are loops inside that
box. In this example that started with
10 total strings, we end up with three
total loops. Here's your puzzle. If
instead we started with 50 total strings
and you go through this whole process
tying random ends together 50 times, how
many loops on average do you end up
with?
>> [music]
>> By the way, for solutions to these
monthly puzzles, rather than making
individual videos for each one, what
I've decided to do is make longer form
videos that package together ones that
have similar themes or problem-solving
tactics in their solutions. For the last
two puzzles, I have previews of those
solutions up on Patreon and in general
Patreon is probably your best bet for
where to find these solutions as they're
made. This isn't like a gimmick just to
get more support, it's just genuinely a
convenient place to start getting a
little bit of feedback before their
final form.